fix: update index (#4)
jina-ai/executor-riisearcher: README.md

For more information please refer to the Github [repo](https://github.com/matsui528/rii)

> **NOTE:** Since we do not reconfigure Rii during `/index` flow but during the `/search` flow, therefore the first search after a CUD operation will always be slower. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Since we do not reconfigure Rii during `/index` request but during the `/search` request, the first search after a CUD operation will always be slower. 
```

> **NOTE:** Since we do not reconfigure Rii during `/index` request but during the `/search` request, therefore the first search after a CUD operation will always be slower. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Since we do not reconfigure Rii during `/index` request but during the `/search` request, the first search after a CUD operation will always be slower. 
```
